 

 

 

Contact
Latane.Bullock@gmail.com

www.linkedin.com/in/latanebullock
(LinkedIn)

Latané Bullock

Electrical & Computer Engineering, Linguistics Major at Rice
University
Houston, Texas Area

Top Skills
Leadership
Engineering
Higher Education

Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
Spanish (Limited Working)
French (Limited Working)

Honors-Awards
Best Undergraduate Presentation
"Best in State" Mobile App Concept
Local Most Valuable Student
Scholarship
Best Oral Presentation, 3rd

Experience

Infosys Limited
Software Engineering Intern
May 2018 - July 2018 (3 months)
Bengaluru Area, India
• Designed performance tests for JavaScript 3D graphics library.
• Developed flexible JS testing framework and repository for future
investigations.
• Delivered set of "best practices" for Infosys engineers working with Three.js.

Rockhead Games
Software Engineering Intern
May 2017 - August 2017 (4 months)
Porto Alegre Area, Brazil
• Developed 3D A* search algorithm to automatically connect two segments of
race track in mobile karting game.
• Thoroughly tested mobile archery game and crafted strategic player-
experience improvement plan.
• Investigated gaming industry and wrote modules in MS Visual Studio
+Unity3D.
• Translated game versions to English and Spanish, advised English wording
and syntax, and voiced over game characters.
• Facilitated active learning workshops on Engineering Design Process with
professors at Pontifícia Universidade Católica (RS).

Houston B-cycle
Special Project Consultant
August 2016 - May 2017 (10 months)
Houston, Texas Area
• Researched bike share programs and various rebalancing strategies in other
systems
• Developed robust algorithm in Java that instructs van drivers to take bikes
from a given station and deliver them to another station
• Tested results to reveal promising aspects of the algorithm

Page 1 of 3

 

 

 

github.com/davidsenter/rebalance-houston-bcycle
houston.bcycle.com

AuPairWorld
Au Pair and English Tutor
May 2015 - August 2016 (1 year 4 months)
• Lived in French family and helped with child care with directed growth and
development 
• Created small tutoring organization to guide Spanish students in studying and
speaking English 
• Experience understanding and communicating with a variety of cultures

WyzAnt Tutoring
Math and Science Tutor
January 2015 - May 2016 (1 year 5 months)
Arlington, Texas
- Tutored high school and college students in mathematics and science
- Developed lesson plan according to students' needs and communication
styles
- Adapted teaching approach for each student

University of North Texas
Reconfigurable Computing Lab Research Assistant
May 2014 - April 2015 (1 year)
• Publicized the crowd-sourced research, designed website graphics, outlined
tutorial flow and implementation.
• Experience in public speaking and technical oral presentation
• Co-authored (unpublished) survey of Electronic Design Automation

Education
Rice University
B.S. Electrical & Computer Engineering, B.A. Linguistics, Computer
Engineering · (2016 - 2020)

University of North Texas
Texas Academy of Math and Science  · (2013 - 2015)

Page 2 of 3

 

 

 

Arlington High School
 · (2011 - 2013)

Page 3 of 3

